Tell something about yourself(or apart from your resume)

Why do you want to join Mindtree though there are many companies.
ans:- its projects is its main area of focus and is also the biggest competitive advantage over other IT companies.  
As a Fresher, What can I Learn at MindTree?
On-Job Training: Mindtree believes in creating engineers for tomorrow. Engineers who trained at Mindtree always have the upper hand as compared to other IT graduates. Its training program includes learning the latest technologies in the IT industry, making it a creative place to work. 

Career Progression: Young Hires at Mindtree undergo learner-led project driver program for 3 months. This program helps in talent development, thus creating enterprise-wide success on the global forum. Everyone at every level in Mindtree gets a chance to showcase one's leadership qualities. 

Role-based certification:  Mindtree always believes in constant up-gradation of skills of its employees. The certifications assist the young minds in their current role and prepare them for the next role making them future-ready.

Work-Life Balance: Mindtree appreciates the hard work which their employees put in. It has various leave categories to cater to different needs.With the latest technologies and Infrastructure, Mindtree has Work-from Home Arrangements and policies for its employees. 

Recognition: MindTree has a platform named SpotOn built for Rewarding and Recognizing their talent pool. 

Care for Employees: Whether you are a fresher who just landed your dream job in Top IT company or you are an experienced Employee, everyone here is considered as an asset which Mindtree cares for. 

Why should Mindtree recruit you?

If you will not be given offer letter, then how will you feel?

What are your strength and weakness?

Who is your favorite person/role model and why you like him/her?

Tip: If HR asks questions like relocation, shift, you should agree to all the conditions for better chances of getting selected.

T4 < C1 < C2 < C3 < C4

